This is a simple text file that was written in write monkey. to use your imagination all the time will increase everyday life and improve your problem solving ability, since thsi meanst hat you are flexing and working out your creatve muscles all the time, you can now visualize problems in different ways.

#Start of Something

##Release 0.1

 Sometimes things just do not go the way they are planned. things go astray and the situation that you thought was once something now turns into something else. Something that you could never know and would never even think of planning  for. Tragedy will only know friends in the end, no enemies. The night sky shown through the patches of clouds that hovered above. The moon cast a soft glow upon the earth. A full moon to light the way. Air softly rolled across the leaves , ruslting ever so slightly. What a perfect autumn night.He slumped down under a great oak tree looking into the eye of a o'lantern. The light flashed across his face as the wind picked up and moved the flame with its strength. The lanterns face dimmed then brightened showing off the jagged face that had been craved into it. Two triangle eyes, one triangle nose and a set of jagged teeth.  He set it on this lap, turning the latnern around facing it towards the moon lit fields. With a heavy sigh,he closed his eyes and imagined what he wanted. He always envisioned something different for himself. Dreamed of the bigger thigs in life. The city, the girls the fame,but all those thigns always seemed to evade him. In a village such as his own, nothing really happened. He always dreamed, but did his heart and soul really want those things? This always bothered him.If he wanted the things he dreamed, why didn't he just go get them? He opened his eyes again. Hay stacks lay in the fields, a few tree here and there. A smile came upon his face. It was so calm here.Lazy almost if you wanted to say that. Another halloween he thought. The village he resided in was the biggest advocate of Halloween in the country, maybe in the world. The streets changed and the people got so into it. The lantern started to grow warm from its internal flame, but he didnt mind. It felt nice in the chilly night. As a child he liked Halloween , but at some stage he seemd to outgrow it. The rest of the town including his family were still supporting it strongly. When ever the season of fall came around the whole town shifted from everyday things to being some kind of trance of the whole things. It was like a festival everysingle day. He always wondered where everyone got their things to sell during the month, where peopel got their money, and where they got the time. Everyone just stopped working and buys things, dresses up and drinks from sun rise to sun down. The whole thing was crazy.In the shadows of the clouds he saw a figur approaching from the hay. Oh great,  someone to come fetch me back he thought.
"Thats the last pumpkin to put up outside the forest, it needs to be put up soon" the voice was deep, a little unfamiliar untill he saw the mans face.The towns mayor, Sam Mirel, was always a huge advocate of the holiday. His round weathered face and big beard made him look like he should be a sea and not in a small village inland.
"Yeah I know, im just admiring the view" He still hadnt gotten up yet. Still slumped aginst the great oak. His eyes casted towards the fields once again.
"You will have the rest of eternity to admire those fields. For now that pumpkin needs to be aligned with the others" he broke into a cough then recovered "and you are the one that needs to place it." His eyes moved from the field to Sam. He was dead serious about this. He could always tell when Sam's mind was made up. His eyes literly pierced you. 
"Alright" He grasped the latnern from the bottom and heeved it up with him. "You comming?" He turned to look at Sam who was still standing there. 
"Nope, this is yours. I will meet you back at town" Sam turned with a soft good luck and made his way back. He used the lantern to guide himself through the woods. The face projecting its self onto the trees infront. the haunting gaze now five times bigger loomed in front of him , everystep it flickered. His villaged laid at th base of a mountain and pass the village was their hay fields. At the edge of the fields was a thick dense forest that swept across creating a wall around the village. Beyond the forest was the rest of the world. Another set of fields and another village in the far distance. You could only see it if the night was at its darkest and they had their lights at full. As he reached the edge of the forest he could see the moon glow once again. He stepped out to see what had been done every year with out him knowing. The edge of the forest helf poles with platforms on top of them about chest high. They stood about ten feet away from each other. He stepped out into the white field to look back that glowing faces staring aback at him. Each pumpkin had a different face,some of them even had different color flames in them. He looked to right and then left. The lanterns went on untill he could no longer see. Thier haunting glow casting upon the moon lit ground.There was only one platform left. He stepped up and turned the lantern to shine in his face. The face grinning even bigger than before,like it was finally home. He placed it softly on the plat form and stood back.He laaughed a little. A big city wouldnt be able to pull this off. A cloud crept over the moon shielding everything from its light. He stopped. The light of the lantern had turned a violent purple
